feat: document LSP methods (#4197)
biomejs/website: src/content/docs/reference/daemon.md

---
title: Daemon requests

> description: List of daemon requests that clients can use.

Reviewer: I guess it's fine to call it "requests" here, but maybe we want to align everything to be "methods"?
```suggestion
title: Daemon methods
description: List of daemon methods that clients can use.
```

---

> The Biome Daemon uses [JSON-RPC](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification), a series of methods that can be leveraged by third-party clients, such as editor extensions.

Reviewer: "a series of methods" doesn't feel like the write way to describe it. Maybe something like this would be better?
```suggestion
The Biome daemon uses [JSON-RPC](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification), a lightweight RPC (remote procedure call) protocol that can be leveraged by third-party clients, such as editor extensions.
```

> Each method sends a request with the following JSON payload, where `method` is one of the methods listed on this page. Below is an example of a `biome/open_project` request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients send requests with the following JSON payload, where `method` is one of the methods listed on this page. Below is an example of a `biome/open_project` request:
```

```json
{
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "id": 1,
  "method": "biome/open_project",
  "params": {
    "path": "/Some/path",
    "openUninitialized": false
  }
}
```

:::caution
These methods aren't part of the semantic versioning contract, and may change without notice.
:::

[//]: # (Start-custom-requests)

> ## Custom Requests

Reviewer: Then, I guess this should be "Custom methods" instead?

```suggestion
[//]: # (Start-custom-methods)
## Custom methods
```

	 */
	duration: Duration;
}
```

### `biome/open_file`

Accepts `OpenFileParams`.

```ts
interface OpenFileParams {
	content: FileContent;
	documentFileSource?: DocumentFileSource;
	inlineConfig?: Configuration;
	path: string;
	/**
	 * Set to `true` to persist the node cache used during parsing, in order to speed up subsequent reparsing if the document has been edited. This should only be enabled if reparsing is to be expected, such as when the file is opened through the LSP Proxy.
	 */
	persistNodeCache?: boolean;
	projectKey: number;
}
```

Returns `OpenFileResult`.

```ts
interface OpenFileResult {
	diagnostics: Diagnostic[];
}
```

### `biome/change_file`

Accepts `ChangeFileParams`.

```ts
interface ChangeFileParams {
	content: string;
	inlineConfig?: Configuration;
	path: string;
	projectKey: number;
	version: number;
}
```

Returns `ChangeFileResult`.

```ts
interface ChangeFileResult {
	diagnostics: Diagnostic[];
}
```

### `biome/close_file`

Accepts `CloseFileParams`.

```ts
interface CloseFileParams {
	path: string;
	projectKey: number;
}
```

Returns `void`.

### `biome/file_exists`

Accepts `FileExitsParams`.

```ts
interface FileExitsParams {
	filePath: string;

> }

Reviewer: This is a typo, no? It should be `FileExistsParams`, but would need change that in the core.

Author: Yeah it's a typo! But it comes from our source code, so we need we will need to fix it there :)

	code: string;
	/**
	 * Number of errors
	 */
	errors: number;
	/**
	 * number of skipped suggested fixes
	 */
	skippedSuggestedFixes: number;
}
```

### `biome/rename`

Accepts `RenameParams`.

```ts
interface RenameParams {
	newName: string;
	path: string;
	projectKey: number;
	symbolAt: number;
}
```

Returns `RenameResult`.

```ts
interface RenameResult {
	/**
	 * List of text edit operations to apply on the source code
	 */
	indels: TextEdit;
	/**
	 * Range of source code modified by this rename operation
	 */
	range: TextRange;
}
```

### `biome/parse_pattern`

Accepts `ParsePatternParams`.

```ts
interface ParsePatternParams {
	defaultLanguage: GritTargetLanguage;
	pattern: string;
}
```

Returns `ParsePatternResult`.

```ts
interface ParsePatternResult {
	patternId: string;
}
```

### `biome/search_pattern`

Accepts `SearchPatternParams`.

```ts
interface SearchPatternParams {
	path: string;
	pattern: string;
	projectKey: number;
}
```

Returns `SearchResults`.

```ts
interface SearchResults {
	matches: TextRange[];
	path: string;
}
```

### `biome/drop_pattern`

Accepts `DropPatternParams`.

```ts
interface DropPatternParams {
	pattern: string;
}
```

Returns `void`.

> [//]: # (End-custom-requests)

Reviewer: In case we change the name of the marker.
```suggestion
[//]: # (End-custom-methods)
```
